chore(migration): add migration guides for Spinner and Skeleton components (#1511)
contentful/forma-36: MIGRATION.md

  <Button variant="primary" size="small" />
</Modal.Controls>;
```

## Spinner

> In v4, only `color` prop became `variant`, to align with our code [style guide](https://github.com/contentful/forma-36/blob/forma-v4/docs/code-style-guide.md). The rest stayed the same.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `color` property for `Spinner` became `variant` in version 4, to align with our code [style guide](https://github.com/contentful/forma-36/blob/forma-v4/docs/code-style-guide.md). The rest stayed the same.
```

  </Popover.Content>
</Popover>;
```

## Spinner

In v4, only `color` prop became `variant`, to align with our code [style guide](https://github.com/contentful/forma-36/blob/forma-v4/docs/code-style-guide.md). The rest stayed the same.

### How to migrate your Spinner components

To migrate your `Spinner` component to v4, run the following [codemod](https://github.com/contentful/forma-36/tree/forma-v4/packages/forma-36-codemod):

`npx @contentful/f36-codemod`

If you want to do it manually, you must transform your existing code from this:

```tsx
import { Spinner } from '@contentful/forma-36-react-components';

<Spinner color="default" size="default" />;

<Spinner color="primary" customSize={12} />;

<Spinner size="large" />;

<Spinner size="small" className="test-class-name" />;
```

to this:

```tsx
import { Spinner } from '@contentful/f36-components';

<Spinner variant="default" size="medium" />;

<Spinner variant="primary" customSize={12} />;

<Spinner size="large" />;

<Spinner size="small" className="test-class-name" />;
```

## Skeleton

> In v4 SkeletonContainer, we changed prop `animate` to `isAnimated` to align with our code [style guide](https://github.com/contentful/forma-36/blob/forma-v4/docs/code-style-guide.md). The rest stayed the same.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In v4 SkeletonContainer, we changed the `animate` prop to `isAnimated` to align with our code [style guide](https://github.com/contentful/forma-36/blob/forma-v4/docs/code-style-guide.md).
```
